made eight goals the mogi mirim in the league five kilos the former shirt 9 the game
draw for 1 to 1
sent to corner
it's difficult
It was as if the government took a little
Philippe could not impose himself
he also sent down the bottom line to the northern team by another
right hand goal the ball in the lower left corner that took him out of the race
and this
petit palais departs from the bottom line
now it worked out that poor
more vertical
the Czech clapped his foot and
no bid and goalkeeper alex alves to farm 3
first conclusion she seemed to discard
in 1912 of the promar
I do not think so
28 - victor d
on the other hand jorge henrique
dribbled slightly worse
the time to kick the ball was finally escaping did not catch the ball well
from time to time leaves a perfect table of the team of corinthians aiming
Santos public likes luiz a very technical player luiz
chest tracking ability
of 10% this type of play even with cultural center dom bosco ucdb
then it can be done by ticket
look at the silver celtic evidence
beautiful move from the right goal by the right jean
2 case of marking
in that style of the concerts to the tour in Japan to lose the balance with the drought
managed to hit his right foot
He ran off with his son.
with the arrival of the attacker
but full of confidence
while pmdb and pt
Jorge Henrique
then they will have choked their sixth placed to part of the pac
arrived in front of the house
in the second half
2 to 0
for the beginning of the century
hugo viana do castelo esposende
played the athletic played nothing
now we explained